>> Steve Kinney: So let's go ahead and
we're going to try that out.
We'll import set from lodash/fp/set.
So you'll need the functional
programming version, for
reasons of backwards compatibility, the
regular version of set mutates the object,
so it's not acceptable for our uses.
You could also write this
yourself from scratch, it's just,
since it's not totally on topic I'm not
going to, I'm just gonna use this helper.
And so the set takes a kind of,
this is pseudo-code,
chain of properties, cuz we need lists,
and we need the list,
then the entities, then the list ID we're
looking for, then the cards, right?
So it takes the chain of properties.
>> Steve Kinney: It will take then what
you're trying to replace, so in this case.
>> Steve Kinney: And
then the object you wanna replace it on.
And the cool thing about, so like.
>> Steve Kinney: Then the object.
The cool thing about this is, you can
with, load as the functional programing
one, you can only give it one argument and
it'll return you a function, waiting for
the second argument, which will return
you a function, waiting for the third, or
you can give it all
three arguments at once.
So if there's a piece you're constantly
typing over and over again, just give
it that first argument, and it'll give you
a function, waiting for the second and
the third, functional programming is fun,
you should watch the other course on it.
We're just gonna have you use
the simplest version right now,
which is, we can basically say that,
const cards is this
list.entities, with the listId
that we're looking for.
This is effectively what I have
on what's on currently line 14.
>> Steve Kinney: So list, plural.
So this will go ahead and
give me back a new array,
which was all of the cardIds for
that list with our new additional one.
And then what we can do is, we can just
basically return, I can store this in
a variable too, the set helper, and
we'll say, okay, I need the entities,
cuz it's list.entities, and we'll pass
in the listId that we're looking for.
And then we'll pass in the cards.
And then the new cards we just created,
and the overall state of our object.
We can get rid of all of this.
>> Steve Kinney: So far a lot cleaner,
it's three lines of code.
Guys, I'll leave this is
an excercise to the reader,
you could take this one step farther,
you could either create a,
add car to list function and
never think about this again.
Or even, you can create a add entities and
add child ID, which is just gonna ask for,
effectively, what's the property you
wanna change, any of that stuff,
but you can continue
building abstractions here.
I would probably, yeah,
I might make a reusable add entity and
add child ID to entity function.
And then I might take the versions
of that, that are ready for
just the list object, I might say like,
add list, add card ID to list,
and unit test it, and
never think about it again.
Cuz then, the hard part of the of
the Redux reducer here was not necessarily
Redux, it was trying to
create a new object.
If we can just abstract that away,
it's even better.
So we'll actually pull out an add entity,
like I'll pull one out that we can look
at in a little bit, and it's just
going to be waiting for this property.
And these two kind of fill in the rest for
us.
So definitely have an eye on taking the
parts of your code that make you the most
sad, and thinking, can you abstract them?
So I can do this.
>> Steve Kinney: And let's go take it for
a spin to make sure I haven't
made any fatal mistakes.
And it's added as well.
So we took an otherwise gnarly function,
made it three lines,
figured out a way that we could probably,
we're not gonna make it fewer lines, but
we can make future us understand what
this line does by calling a function like
add card ID to list.
[LAUGH] Right?
The act of naming the function
will make it a little bit easier.
So, effectively, adding a list and
an user is even simpler, because instead
of having to do it, the way we just added
a card in the card reducer, is effectively
the same code that we're gonna write.
And we could use a helper here as well, as
the same code that we're gonna write for
users and list.
So I'm gonna kind of pull those out, so
we don't watch me do
the same thing three times.
And then, once we have that in place,
we should have an interesting
challenge to solve.